Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#722)
prplfoundation/prplMesh: CONTRIBUTING.md

Note that everybody follows these same guidelines.
Core contributors, occasional contributors and maintainers are all alike.

### Warnings 

> We use **Klocwork** as our static code analyzer. One of the most common issues that the Klocwork complaints about is comparing the return value of a function to nullptr instead of checking for non-zero return value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use **Klocwork** as our static code analyzer. One of the most common issues that the Klocwork complains about is comparing the return value of a function to nullptr instead of checking for non-zero return value.
```
(nitpick)

> So to avoid creating more of this klocwork issue, please always prefer `if (!ptr)` instead of `if(ptr == nullptr)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So to avoid creating more of these kinds of Klocwork issues, please always prefer `if (!ptr)` instead of `if(ptr == nullptr)`.
```
(nitpick)
